fix: add dynamic nft and erc20 check (#506)
MetaMask/accounts: packages/keyring-eth-ledger-bridge/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Add `getTransactionSelector` to read the 4-byte calldata selector from serialized transaction hex (legacy and typed txs) ([#506](https://github.com/MetaMask/accounts/pull/506))
  - Ledger mobile bridge passes `nft: true` to `clearSignTransaction` when that selector is NFT-only (ERC-721 / ERC-1155).
  - Add `ERC20_WRITE_SELECTORS` for the three EIP-20 write functions (`transfer`, `transferFrom`, `approve`).

>   - Add unit tests for selector constants, `getTransactionSelector`, and Ledger mobile `clearSignTransaction` clear-sign flags ([#506](https://github.com/MetaMask/accounts/pull/506)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `getTransactionSelector` to read the 4-byte calldata selector from serialized transaction hex (legacy and typed txs) ([#506](https://github.com/MetaMask/accounts/pull/506))
  - Ledger mobile bridge passes `nft: true` to `clearSignTransaction` when that selector is NFT-only (ERC-721 / ERC-1155).
- Add `ERC20_WRITE_SELECTORS` for the three EIP-20 write functions (`transfer`, `transferFrom`, `approve`) ([#506](https://github.com/MetaMask/accounts/pull/506))
```
